Update the callout of Data Jobs Monitoring for Apache Airflow (#26121)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/airflow.md

      text: 'Data Jobs Monitoring'
---

> {{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" header="Try the Preview!" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="#" btn_hidden="true" header="Data Jobs Monitoring for Apache Airflow is in Preview" >}}
```

> Data Jobs Monitoring for Apache Airflow is in Preview. To try it, follow the setup instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try the preview for Airflow monitoring, follow the setup instructions below.
```
